### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?

# PostgreSQL is a database system which allows for databases to be created and managed, and for relations in the at database to be created and managed with language which is very SQL compliant. 

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

# SQL - "Standardized Querying Language", is a standard for a querying language. It is not a language which is downloaded or programmed in, but instead used to navigate relational databases. PostgreSQL is a relational database system which just happens to have SQL in the name because the language used to work PostgreSQL is very SQL compliant.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

# You connect to a database with "\c *database_name*"

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

# 'HAVING' is performed after the selection of data after it has been grouped. 'WHERE' sets a condition for the querying of the raw data, before any type of grouping or manipulation.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

# An inner join only joins on points of data which both tables hold in common. The result of an inner join is a table with no empty cells that were not empty before the join. An outer join joins both tables regardless of the data that is present, which means that there may be some "incomplete entries".

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

# A left outer Join joins all the rows from the first table, and only the rows from the right table which it has in common with the left table. A right outer join does the opposite. It joins all the tables which the first table has in common with the right table with the right table. 

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

# ORM stands for object relational mapping, and matches Objects which are used in programming to relations in a database. ORMs are used to manipulate databases from a program.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?

# With AJAX, first, a JS file must be included, which can be disabled in the browser, then to make the request, an async function must be written in order to make a request and handle request/response data. With server side requests, no async/await is needed and no extra files need to be included, however, the full page is reloaded with each view function. 

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?

# CSRF stads for Cross Site Request Forgery, and refers to when a site makes a request to another site which it is not supposed to. The CSRF token is generated by the site which is the source of the form, and by requiring that same token to be included, no other site can submit a request without the token. The token disables any CSRF attempts. 

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?

# The 'form.hidden_tag() includes any hidden fields in the form. For example, the CSRF token is a prefilled hidden field that the user does not need to know about. As such, 'form.hidden_tag()' is there to include it, but not show it. 